c:\users\bilyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoTest\AutoTest\bin\Debug\NUnit3.TestAdapter.dll
c:\users\bilyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoTest\AutoTest\bin\Debug\NUnit3.TestAdapter.pdb
c:\users\bilyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoTest\AutoTest\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.dll
c:\users\bilyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoTest\AutoTest\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.api.dll
c:\users\bilyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoTest\AutoTest\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.dll
c:\users\bilyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoTest\AutoTest\bin\Debug\AutoTest.dll
c:\users\bilyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoTest\AutoTest\bin\Debug\AutoTest.pdb
c:\users\bilyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoTest\AutoTest\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\bilyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoTest\AutoTest\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.dll
c:\users\bilyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoTest\AutoTest\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.dll
c:\users\bilyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoTest\AutoTest\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
c:\users\bilyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoTest\AutoTest\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
c:\users\bilyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoTest\AutoTest\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.pdb
c:\users\bilyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoTest\AutoTest\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
c:\users\bilyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoTest\AutoTest\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.xml
c:\users\bilyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoTest\AutoTest\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.xml
c:\users\bilyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoTest\AutoTest\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
c:\users\bilyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoTest\AutoTest\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
c:\users\bilyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoTest\AutoTest\obj\Debug\AutoTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\bilyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoTest\AutoTest\obj\Debug\AutoTest.dll
c:\users\bilyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoTest\AutoTest\obj\Debug\AutoTest.pdb
c:\users\bilyi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AutoTest\AutoTest\bin\Debug\AutoTest.dll.config
